Update documentation to reflect support for lowercased BackupPolicy tags (#31)
LBHackney-IT/lbhackney-it.github.io: docs/technical-standards/Reference/hosting-standards/tagging.md

### Optional tags

- `AutomationBuildUrl`: URL of the automation build, must be a valid URL.

> - `BackupPolicy`: The backup policy to apply to the resource. If present must be one of `Dev`, `Stg`, `Preprod`, `Prod`, `Mgmt` _(can be lowercased, ex: 'dev', 'stg', etc)_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `BackupPolicy`: The backup policy to apply to the resource. If present must be one of `Dev`, `Stg`, `Prod`, _(can be lowercase, e.g.: 'dev', 'stg', etc)_.
```
